Docs update 07 05 (#85)
globalid/dev-tooling-examples: verifier-agent/node/README.md

# Verifier Agent Example

> This folder contains an example Node.js application that demonstrates integrating with GlobaliD as a [Verifier](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#dfn-verifier). In this case, the application validates the end-user is 18 or older. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains an example Node.js application that demonstrates integrating with GlobaliD as a [Verifier](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#dfn-verifier). In this case, the application validates the [holder](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/#dfn-holders) is 18 or older using either their driver's license or passport credential.
```
